feature: Enable configuration of Kubelet TLS certs (#2536)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: README.md

  ephemeral-storage= "1Gi"
  ```

* `settings.kubernetes.tls-certificate`: The base64 encoded content of an x509 certificate for Kubelet HTTPS communication.

> * `settings.kubernetes.tls-private-certificate`: The base64 encoded content of an x509 private key corresponding to the `tls-certificate` public key.

Reviewer: Let's try to maintain a really clear distinction between certificate (always public) and key (always private).
```suggestion
* `settings.kubernetes.tls-private-key`: The base64 encoded content of an x509 private key corresponding to the `tls-certificate` certificate.
```

Some of this is coming out of the Secure Boot experience, where "key" is frequently used to mean "one or more public x.509 certificates", in contrast to its conventional usage.

> * `settings.kubernetes.tls-certificate`: The base64 encoded content of an x509 certificate for Kubelet HTTPS communication.
> * `settings.kubernetes.tls-private-key`: The base64 encoded content of an x509 private key corresponding to the `tls-certificate` public certificate.

Reviewer: I've said in the past that `settings.kubernetes` is misnamed, and should really be `settings.kubelet`.

If we pretend for a moment that the renaming has already happened, and that the "path" to this setting implicitly mentions `kubelet`, then I would prefer that these settings better match their function:
```suggestion
* `settings.kubernetes.server-certificate`: The base64 encoded content of an x509 certificate for the Kubelet web server, which is used for retrieving logs and executing commands.
* `settings.kubernetes.server-key`: The base64 encoded content of an x509 private key for the Kubelet web server.
```
